key,section,question,answer,comment
1,General Safety Requirements, Is an updated emergency card posted on the lab entrance door?,NA," EEM-EHS will add ____________ as a secondary contact on the emergency green card.  Also, EEM-EHS will update the emergency green card by making note that there are (list types of chemicals, etc. here)."
2,General Safety Requirements, Was a CHP handed to the lab at the beginning of the lab inspection?,NA,    A Chemical Hygiene Plan was handed to ____________ during the lab inspection.  Please customize the Chemical Hygiene Plan Notebook for the lab and contact the lab inspector once this has been completed.
3,General Safety Requirements, Have lab personnel attended a 2 hour lab safety training session within the past year?,NA,"   EEM-EHS conducts mandatory baseline Hazard Communication, Laboratory Safety and Personal Protective Equipment once a month.  All new lab employees and anyone who has not yet attended this training class must attend.  Please go to this link - \nhttp://www.uml.edu/EEM/Training-schedule/Training-Schedule-EHS.aspx -   for training dates, times, and sign-up procedures.  All lab employees must attend this training on an annual basis."
4,General Safety Requirements, Is there an evacuation route posted in the lab?,NA,"   An evacuation route needs to be posted in each laboratory. A copy of the evacuation route may be inserted in section 4 of the Chemical Hygiene Plan (CHP) Notebook. This is not an item for the laboratory.  EEM-EHS, in the future, will be posting evacuation routes for this building.  Please make sure all employees are aware of the proper egress routes from the labs."
5,General Safety Requirements, Is there a working phone in the lab?,NA,   Please contact the Information Technology (IT) help desk at extension 44357 to submit a work order to repair your phone.
6,General Safety Requirements, Do lab personnel know who to call in the event of a spill?,NA,   Lab personnel should be trained to call 44911 from a campus phone in the event of a spill. Please place a "44911 emergency sticker" on the phone.
7,General Safety Requirements, Is the general lab ventilation working?,NA,   EEM-EHS will conduct a separate evaluation regarding the ventilation in this lab.
8,General Safety Requirements," If a drench shower is available, is it accessible?",NA,   The emergency shower station must be accessible.
9,General Safety Requirements, Has the drench shower been inspected over the past year?,NA,   Annual testing dates should be recorded on the inspection tag.  EEM-EHS will schedule a time to come inspect the emergency shower station.
10,General Safety Requirements," If eyewash station is available, does it function properly?",NA,"   EEM-EHS will schedule a time to come inspect the emergency eyewash station.  (Please add details on how it is not functioning properly.)  For instance, the eyewash is missing caps.  The caps prevent contaminant build-up in the nozzles."
11,General Safety Requirements, Is the emergency eyewash station accessible?,NA,   The emergency eyewash station must be accessible.
12,General Safety Requirements, Has the eyewash station been inspected over the past year?,NA,   Annual testing dates should be recorded on the inspection tag.  EEM-EHS will schedule a time to come inspect the emergency eyewash station.
13,General Safety Requirements, Is a first aid kit easily accessible and stocked in the lab?,NA,   The first aid kit must be easily accessible.  EEM-EHS will stock the first aid kit with appropriate supplies.
14,General Safety Requirements, Are all pieces of rotating equipment guarded?,NA,"   All belts, pulleys, conveyor systems, rotating shafts, gears, etc. must be guarded.  The guards must be installed to protect employees from possible injury and to comply with OSHA regulations."
15,Electrical Safety, Are the electrical panels and disconnects accessible?,NA,"   An unobstructed area of 36 inches (or 42 inches for 150-600V) must be maintained in front of electrical panels and disconnects, for proper servicing ability. This is required under the National Electrical Code."
16,Electrical Safety," Are plugs, cords and outlets in good condition?",NA,"   All electrical service cords should be periodically checked for integrity.  If cord insulation is frayed, cracked, or missing; the corresponding piece of equipment should be removed from service until the cord is properly repaired or replaced.  Submit a work order at the following link -  \nhttp://www.uml.edu/facilities/Service-Requests/form/default.aspx - to replace or repair defective electrical components."
17,Electrical Safety, No daisy chained power strips?,NA,"   According to the National Electrical Code, electrical cords and power strips cannot be linked together for the sole purpose of extending the electrical source to an instrument (i.e. daisy chaining). Daisy chaining can cause electrical current overload which can result in fire."
18,Electrical Safety, Are there no multi-outlet taps in use?,NA,   These devices do not provide an overcurrent protection device and are not acceptable. (Overcurrent is the condition in which more current flows in a conductor than is allowed by safety standards.)  Large overcurrents that persist can present a fire hazard.
19,Electrical Safety, Cords do not pose trip hazards (taped down)?,NA,"   To obtain cable protectors to prevent a trip hazard for cords running across aisleways, please go to the following link - \nhttp://www.checkersindustrial.com.  EEM-EHS does not endorse any specific company."
20,Electrical Safety, Are power strips used appropriately?,NA,   Power strips should only be used in the laboratory if they are equipped with a circuit breaker and are properly rated for the equipment load.  Power strips should not be used for large lab equipment or in potentially wet environments.
21,Electrical Safety," Are there no extension cords found under doors, carpets or through ceilings?",NA,   Extension cords cannot run under doors or carpets and they also cannot run through ceilings. Extension cords cannot be used permanently. These cords can only be used temporarily for no more than 90 days according to the National Electric Code.
22,Electrical Safety, Are there NO modified electrical components?,NA,"   Only licensed electricians can modify electrical components, cords, distribution systems, and equipment.  A UMass Lowell electrician must approve of the completed work before it is energized.  The corresponding piece of equipment should be removed from service until it can be properly inspected.  Submit a work order to the following link - \nhttp://www.uml.edu/facilities/Service-Requests/form/default.aspx - to arrange an electrical inspection of components."
23,Electrical Safety, Are there NO usages of extension cords permanently?,NA,   There is permanent usage of an extension cord. Extension cords cannot be used permanently. Using extension cord as permanent wiring solution is a fire hazard. Extension cords can only be used temporarily for 90 days as stated in the National Electrical Code. Submit a work order to the following link -  \nhttp://www.uml.edu/facilities/Service-Requests/form/default.aspx to request more power to be added to lab.
24,Laboratory Safety, Do lab personnel know where to find safety data sheets and the CHP?,NA,   Lab personnel must know the location of the CHP and where to find safety data sheets for the chemicals they are using.
25,Laboratory Safety, Are applicable standard operating procedures (SOPs) available to lab users?,NA,"   Laboratory-specific SOPs must include specific work practices, procedures, and policies used to protect employees from lab hazards.  Special consideration should be given to working with carcinogens, mutagens, and reproductive toxins.  To help you with writing a SOP, a SOP template can be found in chapter 9 of the CHP.  The SOP template can also be downloaded from the EEM-EHS website at the following link -  \nhttp://www.uml.edu/EEM/Standard-Operating-Procedures.aspx. Please focus on writing two SOPs over the next month before the follow-up inspection."
26,Laboratory Safety," Are beakers, test tubes and flasks clearly labeled to identify contents?",NA,"   All primary and secondary containers of chemicals must be clearly labeled as to their content.  If a label on a chemical container becomes defaced and not readily identifiable, it should be labeled again for proper identification.  Containers labeled with chemical formulas, chemical structures, acronyms or codes should be clearly identified using the full chemical name."
27,Laboratory Safety," Are chemical storage cabinets clearly labeled? (i.e. flammable, corrosives)",NA,   Cabinets used for storage of chemicals must be clearly labeled with a hazard icon or a chemical storage sign.  Hazard icon stickers can be delivered to your lab by EEM-EHS.  You may print and post your own chemical storage sign.
28,Laboratory Safety, Is lab-specific training given for all hazards in the lab?,NA,   Lab-specific training must be provided by the lab supervisor and documented in section 8 of the Chemical Hygiene Plan Notebook.
29,Laboratory Safety, Is lab-specific training documented?,NA,   Lab-specific training must be documented in section 8 of the Chemical Hygiene Plan Notebook.
30,Laboratory Safety, Is secondary containment used for transportation of chemicals?,NA,"   Secondary containment is required for transportation of chemicals.  EEM-EHS will deliver containers to the lab that can be used for secondary containment. Since secondary containment is not currently utilized, it is important to train all employees about its importance. Training may be documented in section 8 of the CHP Notebook."
31,Housekeeping, Is the lab neat and orderly?,NA,   Good housekeeping creates an intrinsically safer work place and should be maintained scrupulously in areas where potentially hazardous materials are used.  The work area should be cleaned on completion of an operation or at day's end.
32,Housekeeping," Is there minimal glassware on bench tops, in the sinks, and in the fume hood?",NA,   Good housekeeping creates an intrinsically safer work place and should be maintained scrupulously in areas where potentially hazardous materials are used.  The work area should be cleaned on completion of an operation or at day's end.
33,Housekeeping," Are exits, aisles, and corridors not blocked and is the minimum width 36 inches?",NA,   Laboratory aisles were cluttered with miscellaneous materials and equipment.  This may create an emergency exit or trip hazard.  A clearance of 36 inches must be maintained in all aisles.  Large equipment must be relocated if necessary.
34,Housekeeping, Are chemicals stored off of the floor?,NA,"   Chemicals should be stored in a secure location such as a cupboard, cabinet, or flammable liquids storage cabinet."
35,Housekeeping, Is the glass window on the lab entrance door free from obstruction?,NA,"   The glass window cannot be blocked.  In case of an emergency situation, the glass window needs to be free from obstruction in order to assess the emergency situation without opening the door."
36,Housekeeping, Are lab users complying with the no eating and drinking policy in the lab?,NA,   Food must not be consumed or stored where chemicals are handled.
37,Housekeeping, Are refrigerators/freezers labeled for storage of chemicals only?,NA,   All refrigerators and freezers in the lab need appropriate labels identifying chemical storage.
38,Fire and Life Safety, Are there fire extinguishers in the lab?,NA,   EEM-EHS will install a fire extinguisher in the lab.
39,Fire and Life Safety, Is there a class D fire extinguisher in a lab with flammable metals?,NA,   EEM-EHS will install a class D fire extinguisher in the lab.
40,Fire and Life Safety, Have the fire extinguishers been inspected within the past year?,NA,   Fire extinguishers must be inspected annually.  EEM-EHS will stop by to inspect the fire extinguisher(s).
41,Fire and Life Safety, Are fire extinguishers fully charged?,NA,"   The pressure gauge arrow is in the red zone.  A fire extinguisher must be replaced after each use regardless of the amount of material discharged. Whenever the lever is squeezed, it will gradually lose pressure over time and will not be effective for use when needed.   While fire extinguishers are maintained and inspected by EEM-EHS, it is the responsibility of laboratory personnel to contact EEM-EHS for replacements whenever they are used. "
42,Fire and Life Safety, Are fire extinguishers clearly identified with a sign?,NA,   Fire extinguishers must be identified with a sign.  EEM-EHS will stop by to post a sign for the fire extinguisher(s).
43,Fire and Life Safety, Are fire extinguishers accessible (not blocked)?,NA,   Fire extinguishers must be readily accessible.
44,Fire and Life Safety, Is storage clearance from the ceiling within 18 inches of sprinkler heads?,NA,   Lab supplies stacked within 18 inches of the sprinkler heads create a fire hazard by preventing the spread of water from the sprinklers.  Supplies should be relocated to maintain appropriate clearance.
45,Fire and Life Safety," Is there a fire blanket and is it easily accessible in the lab, when necessary?",NA,   A fire blanket should be located in the lab when pyrophoric chemicals and/or large quantities of flammable materials are handled.  EEM-EHS will install a fire blanket in your lab.
46,Fire and Life Safety, Are the majority of flammable liquids stored in a flammable liquid storage cabinet?,NA,"   Generally, if more than 10 gallons of flammable liquids is present, a National Fire Protection Association(NFPA)  flammable liquid storage cabinet is required.  Flammable and combustible liquids in the laboratory must be kept to the minimum needed for research and/or operations."
47,Fire and Life Safety," Is there minimal combustible material in the space (i.e. cardboard, paper, books, curtains)?",NA,   Each laboratory is required to keep the amount of combustible materials inside the lab to a minimum. Storage of unused cardboard boxes or any other unnecessary combustible materials inside the lab is considered a fire hazard. Please discard cardboard boxes as soon as they are emptied. 
48,Fire and Life Safety, Are emergency exits NOT blocked?,NA,   No exit or door may be blocked.
49,Compressed Gas Cylinders, Are contents of gas cylinders clearly labeled?,NA,"   All compressed  gas cylinders must be labeled with the name of the gas and the primary hazard associated with that gas (i.e. flammable, oxidizer, etc.)."
50,Compressed Gas Cylinders, Are gas cylinders firmly secured to walls or lab benches or are they properly secured with floor stands? (This includes lecture size compressed gas cylinders.),NA,"   All sizes of compressed gas cylinders must be secured in an upright position away from excessive heat, highly combustible materials, and areas where they might be damaged or knocked over.  A chain, bracket, or other restraining device must be used at all times to prevent cylinders from falling.  EEM-EHS does not endorse a specific company for types of restraining devices.  Securing devices can be purchased from safety equipment companies such as Grainger (www.grainger.com) or Matheson Tri-Gas (www.mathesongas.com)"
51,Compressed Gas Cylinders, Are valve protection caps placed on cylinders not in use?,NA,   Cylinders must have valve protection caps on at all times except when containers are secured and connected to dispensing equipment.  Empty gas cylinders must also be stored securely with the valve protection cap in place.
52,Compressed Gas Cylinders, Are empty gas cylinders properly secured and marked as empty?,NA,   Empty gas cylinders must be secured properly.  The cylinder status of empty must also be indicated on the cylinder.
53,Compressed Gas Cylinders, Are gas cylinders properly segregated?,NA,"   Cylinders of oxygen and other oxidizers must be stored at least 20 feet from fuel-gas or other combustible materials unless separated by a noncombustible wall, not less than 5 feet high, having a fire-resistance rating of 1/2 hour."
54,Personal Protective Equipment, Are closed toe shoes and lab pants worn by lab personnel?,NA,   Federal regulations require the use of applicable PPE when appropriate.  Please ensure that all necessary PPE is available in the lab.  Contact EEM-EHS if you need assistance with selecting PPE for lab activities.
55,Personal Protective Equipment, Are lab coats worn by lab personnel?,NA,   Federal regulations require the use of applicable PPE when appropriate.  Please ensure that all necessary PPE is available in the lab.  Contact EEM-EHS if you need assistance with selecting PPE for lab activities.
56,Personal Protective Equipment, Are proper gloves worn by lab personnel while handling chemicals?,NA,   Federal regulations require the use of applicable PPE when appropriate.  Please ensure that all necessary PPE is available in the lab.  Contact EEM-EHS if you need assistance with selecting PPE for lab activities.
57,Personal Protective Equipment, Is proper eye protection (i.e. safety glasses or safety goggles) being worn by lab personnel?,NA,   Federal regulations require the use of applicable PPE when appropriate.  Please ensure that all necessary PPE is available in the lab.  Contact EEM-EHS if you need assistance with selecting PPE for lab activities.
58,Personal Protective Equipment, Is a face shield worn when necessary (i.e. when handling liquid nitrogen)?,NA,   Federal regulations require the use of applicable PPE when appropriate.  Please ensure that all necessary PPE is available in the lab.  Contact EEM-EHS if you need assistance with selecting PPE for lab activities.
59,Personal Protective Equipment, Are cryogenic gloves worn when necessary?,NA,   Federal regulations require the use of applicable PPE when appropriate.  Please ensure that all necessary PPE is available in the lab.  Contact EEM-EHS if you need assistance with selecting PPE for lab activities.
60,Personal Protective Equipment, Are thermal gloves worn when necessary?,NA,   Federal regulations require the use of applicable PPE when appropriate.  Please ensure that all necessary PPE is available in the lab.  Contact EEM-EHS if you need assistance with selecting PPE for lab activities.
61,Personal Protective Equipment, Are N-100 or N-95 respirators available to be worn voluntarily when there is a possible exposure to particulates (i.e. grinding materials)?,NA,   EEM-EHS will deliver a box of N-100 respirators to the lab.  
62,Personal Protective Equipment, Does the lab group have a copy of Appendix C 'Information for Voluntary Users of Respirators'?,NA,"   Individuals who are wearing respiratory protection, but are not required to do so under the OSHA standard, must be provided with a copy of Appendix C of the OSHA respiratory protection standard.  Appendix C will be attached to this report.  Please review it with all members in your group and place a copy of it in section 12 of your Chemical Hygiene Plan Notebook."
63,Fume Hoods, Has the annual inspection been performed on each fume hood?,NA,   All fume hoods on campus must be certified by EEM-EHS annually.  EEM-EHS will perform an inspection of the (place number of fume hoods here) fume hood(s).
64,Fume Hoods, Is the proper sash height indicated?,NA,   All fume hoods on campus must be certified by EEM-EHS annually and the proper sash height must be indicated on the fume hood at the time of the inspection.  EEM-EHS will perform an inspection of the (place number of fume hoods here) fume hood(s) and indicate the proper sash height at this time.
65,Fume Hoods, Is the sash at or below the marked sash height?,NA,"   In order to maintain proper air entry velocity, hood sashes should be at or below the marked sash height while work is being performed inside the fume hood."
66,Fume Hoods, Does the fume hood lighting work properly?,NA,   Please submit a work order to the following link - \nhttp://www.uml.edu/facilities/Service-Requests/form/default.aspx  -  to repair the lighting.
67,Fume Hoods, Are audible/visual alarms functional?,NA,   Please submit a work order to the following link - \nhttp://www.uml.edu/facilities/Service-Requests/form/default.aspx -  to repair the alarms.
68,Fume Hoods, Are functional fume hoods not being used for long term storage?,NA,   Storage of chemicals and equipment within the fume hood can disrupt the airflow into the hood and reduce its overall effectiveness of controlling air contaminants.
69,Fume Hoods, Are experiments performed at least 6 inches in from the sash of the fume hood?,NA,   Chemicals should be placed no closer than 6 inches from the front opening of the fume hood. Placing hazardous materials closer to the front opening interferes with the airflow and reduces the level of contaminant protection for individuals using the fume hood.
70,Chemical Safety, Is a flammable material storage refrigerator available for flammable materials?,NA,"   No flammable liquids are allowed to be stored in refrigerators, cold rooms or freezers unless they are specifically designed for this purpose."
71,Chemical Safety, Are incompatible materials properly segregated?,NA,"   All chemicals and hazardous waste must be stored according to class, and separate storage areas should be provided for incompatible chemicals.  At a minimum, separate spill trays are required to isolate incompatible chemicals."
72,Chemical Safety, Are chemicals stored safely away from the edges of counters and shelves?,NA,"   Chemicals should be stored in a secure location such as a cupboard, cabinet, or flammable liquids storage cabinet."
73,Chemical Safety, Are ethers and other peroxide formers dated upon receipt and when opened?,NA,"   All peroxide-forming reagents should be dated upon receipt and opening.  Peroxides are sensitive to heat, friction, impact, and light as well as to strong oxidizing and reducing agents.  Solids forming in the liquid or around the cap could indicate a dangerous peroxide build-up.  If you see evidence of a dangerous peroxide build-up, contact EEM-EHS immediately at extension 2543 for assistance. If the lab plans to keep the peroxide-forming chemicals longer than their shelf-life of one year, it is important to utilize peroxide test strips to test for peroxides and to document this testing. EEM-EHS will provide the test strips for current testing that is needed but, in the future, please purchase the test strips. EEM-EHS does not endorse any specific company but Grainger does sell these test stips.  Please go to grainger.com and type in 'peroxide test strips' in the search window on the top left corner of the Grainger web page. EEM-EHS is in the process of developing a label to place on all peroxide-forming chemicals that includes information on documenting the peroxide tests. EEM-EHS will order and supply the lab with these labels once developed. Until this time, please document the dates and results of the test strips in the Chemical Hygiene Plan Notebook."
74,Chemical Safety, Are chemical containers in good condition?,NA,"   (Explain why the container is not in good condition.)  The container used to store chemicals was inappropriate.  The container material may be incompatible with the product or the original use intended for the container is not suitable for the present use, i.e. chemicals stored in beverage containers.  "
75,Chemical Safety, Are storage cabinet shelves and shelves in good condition?,NA,   (Explain which shelves are not in good condition and possible reasons why the shelves are not in good condition.)
76,Chemical Safety," If the lab works with HF, does the lab have calcium gluconate gel?",NA,   Labs using hydrofluoric acid (HF) must have an unexpired tube of calcium gluconate gel readily available for emergency use.  EEM-EHS will supply the lab with a tube of this gel. 
77,Chemical Safety," If the lab works with HF and has calcium gluconate gel, is the gel NOT expired?",NA,   Labs using hydrofluoric acid (HF) must have an unexpired tube of calcium gluconate gel readily available for emergency use.  EEM-EHS will supply the lab with a tube of this gel.
78,Waste Disposal, Is there an Satellite Accumulation Area (SAA) sign demarcating the waste storage area in the lab?,NA,   EEM-EHS will set up an SAA area in your lab.
79,Waste Disposal, Are satellite waste containers labeled with a UML hazardous waste label?,NA,   It is the laboratory's responsibility to properly label the hazardous waste with a UML hazardous waste label.
80,Waste Disposal, Are the appropriate hazard boxes checked on the UML hazardous waste label?,NA,   It is the laboratory's responsibility to check the appropriate hazard boxes on the UML hazardous waste label.
81,Waste Disposal, Is each chemical constituent written out without abbreviation or formulas?,NA,"   Containers labeled with chemical formulas, chemical structures, acronyms, or codes should be clearly identified using the full chemical name."
82,Waste Disposal, Are waste containers stored in secondary containment?,NA,   Hazardous waste containers must be stored on spill trays to help contain spills.  EEM-EHS will deliver spill trays to use as secondary containment.
83,Waste Disposal, Are waste containers kept closed unless being worked with?,NA,   Chemical waste containers must be capped at all times unless actively transferring waste.
84,Waste Disposal, Are wastes properly segregated by hazard class?,NA,"   All hazardous waste must be stored according to class, and separate storage areas should be provided for incompatible waste.  At a minimum, separate spill trays are required to isolate incompatible waste."
85,Waste Disposal, Are lab users complying with the UML no pour down the drain policy?,NA,"   The University is NOT PERMITTED to release ANY hazardous material to the municipal waste water treatment facility.  Prior to the release of any waste to the municipal waste water system, the EEM-EHS office MUST determine that a waste by-product is non-hazardous. Here is a link to an electronic copy of the non-hazardous waste determination form. \nhttp://www.uml.edu/EEM/EHS/Lab-Safety.aspx"
86,Waste Disposal, Are hazardous waste labels easy to read?,NA,"   All hazardous waste labels must be clearly labeled as to their content.  If a label on a hazardous waste container is not readily identifiable, it should be labeled again for proper identification.  Containers labeled with chemical formulas, chemical structures, acronyms, or codes should be clearly identified using the full chemical name."
87,Waste Disposal, Are stock chemicals stored separately from waste chemicals?,NA,"   Waste chemicals must be stored in the satellite accumulation area (SAA), separate from the stock chemicals."
88,Waste Disposal, Are full satellite waste containers dated and removed within 72 hours?,NA,"   (Explain what you found during the inspection.  For example, the waste containers are not dated or the waste containers are dated x/x/x which is over the 3 day limit for holding waste in the lab.)  All hazardous waste containers must be dated once full and they must be picked up within 3 days after the container is full and date. The satellite accumulation areas are inspected weekly (typically every Wednesday) by EEM-EHS.  Full and/or dated containers of hazardous waste are picked up by EEM-EHS during the weekly inspection checks and upon request by calling extension 42543.  It is important to call extension 42543 for a pick-up if your full container of waste is generated on Thursday, Friday, Saturday or Sunday.  If you generate a full container of hazardous waste on Monday or Tuesday, there is no need to call since the hazardous waste will automatically be picked up on Wednesday."
89,Waste Disposal, Are secondary containment bins free of spilled chemical waste?,NA,   Good housekeeping creates an intrinsically safer work place and should be maintained scrupulously in areas where hazardous materials are used.
90,Waste Disposal, Are satellite waste containers in good condition?,NA,   (Explain why the waste container is NOT in good condition.)  EEM-EHS will pick up the waste container since it is not in good condition.
91,Waste Disposal, Are rigid cardboard boxes available for the collection of lab glass?,NA,   A lab glass waste box is needed for this lab.  EEM-EHS will deliver a lab glass waste box to this lab.
92,Waste Disposal, Are the lab glass waste boxes in good condition?,NA,   The lab glass waste boxes are not in good condition.  (Provide details here on why the boxes are not in good condition.)  EEM-EHS will stop by to pick up the lab glass waste boxes.
93,Waste Disposal," Are sharps (broken glass, pipettes, needles, razors, etc.) being disposed of properly?",NA,"   All sharps must be disposed of properly in labeled, puncture-proof containers with the universal biohazard symbol.  (Needles are considered regulated medical waste.)  Sharps containers must be available for disposal of all sharps generated in the lab.  EEM-EHS will deliver a sharps container to the lab."
94,Waste Disposal, Are sharps containers less than 3/4 full?,NA,"   The sharps container is over 3/4 full.  EEM-EHS will stop by to pick up the sharps container.  From now on, please call EEM-EHS at extension 42543 to schedule a pick-up of the sharps container before the sharps container is over 3/4 full."
